docs(tutorial): update remote and genomics (#97)
sdsc-ordes/modos-api: docs/tutorials/modo_remote.md

::::

:::{warning}

> The __bucket name__ and the __endpoint url__ are specified separatly. The __bucket name__ is part of the `object_path` and needs to be written as s3 scheme followed by the `MODO`'s name (e.g. `s3://bucket_name/modo_name`), while the __endpoint url__ needs to be specified separately. Only paths that follow the s3 scheme will be considered as remote independent of `--endpoint` being specified or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The __bucket name__ and the __endpoint url__ are specified separatly. The __bucket name__ is part of the `object_path` and needs to be included in the s3 path, followed by the `MODO`'s name (e.g. `s3://bucket_name/modo_name`), while the __endpoint url__ needs to be specified separately. Only paths that follow the s3 scheme will be considered as remote independent of `--endpoint` being specified or not.
```

suggestion: not sure, but iiuc the scheme is only the `s3://` component

:::

:::{note}

> To avoid repetition the endpoint can also be read from an ENVIRONMENT variable. The syntax then follows the same as for local objects, except that the `object_path` needs to be provided as s3 scheme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid repetition the endpoint can also be read from the `MODOS_ENDPOINT` environment variable. The syntax then follows the same as for local objects, except that the `object_path` needs to be provided as s3 scheme:
```

**nitpick(non-blocking):** mention env var in text
